for the first time in his life
Frank Keene was alone because wife is
dead and it hurts so you're like a dead
wife Frank I know no therapy that can
work unless you're willing to face your
demons until he discovered a place named
Frank you here for the dance class that
changed everything
welcome everyone to Thursday nights with
Marilyn Hotchkiss Lou first class can be
a little bit overwhelming
Navan your student hang tough ok let's
begin sorry no glee Frank how do you
feel I went to dance class you went
dancing oh and did you enjoy it
I don't think so maybe we should find
another class how come you're not
married I was my hottest answer just a
minute pal Meredith I am afraid is
off-limits thinks is the lord of the
dance it's not even Irish may I have
this dance
I'll go on now
what's going on Frank are you okay for
dance can access deep-seated emotion and
color your life tell you right now if
this turns in one of those West
Hollywood things I am out of here
Samuel Goldwyn Films presents
this was my place a story about the
people we lose she wants you to be happy
Frank the people we find I get with done
some names - yeah Frank came and
learning to love again one step at a
time there at this time is marcin I'd be
enchanted rustic dance is a very
powerful job are you up to it
yes well